[Music]
hmm
maybe spending a little too much time at
miring your own reflection well are you
a narcissist hey let's check out the
psychology of narcissism legend tells of
a guy called narcissus in ancient Greece
he was extremely handsome and conquered
many hearts
however he treated his admirers with
contempt and disdain one day the nymph
Ecco saw him and fell victim to his
charm after narcissus rejected her love
the gods decided to punish the arrogant
man see don't mess with the gods he
spotted his reflection in a pond and
fell in love at first sight enamoured he
couldn't tear himself away from the
reflection and drowned wow that's kind
of harsh anyway nowadays narcissus isn't
just another character in a tragic myth
it's also a personality type that's
characterized by particular qualities in
this video you'll learn how to tell if
someone you're meeting for a first time
or communicating with on a daily basis
is a narcissist in addition you'll learn
of a scientific reason why some people
have the traits of a narcissist and the
most exciting thing can be found at the
end of the video me yes I'll be there
too oh wait a minute
sorry Ecco my bad actually you'll see a
cool personality test that'll help you
figure out if you have any narcissistic
qualities yep I better take that test
too remember to click the subscribe
button and ring the notification bell
this way you'll join the other bright
ciders and enjoy daily updates on our
channel any search engine will tell you
that a narcissist is a person who is
excessively interested in themselves
such people are 100% sure that they are
smarter better-looking and more
important than everyone else they feel
therefore that they deserve special
treatment so instead of throwing them
off the boat shackled a 150-pound
cannonball they'll get to wait not
really according to psychologists there
are two types of narcissists grandiose
narcissists and vulnerable narcissists
the first kind of narcissism is the most
common people with this personality
trait are extroverted buoyant and
dominant they typically demand a lot of
attention as for vulnerable narcissists
they can be pretty reserved and quiet
but this doesn't mean that they don't
need their own portion of recognition
and fame how can you recognize a
narcissist among the people who surround
you every day why don't they just all
wear pink well at first glance
narcissists are charming they come
across as personable likeable and
charismatic that's why they often
perform well in job interviews but over
a longer period of time
narcissists tend to reveal their other
sides to those around them narcissistic
people often find themselves in
leadership positions not that they make
perfect leaders they simply strive for
power and they get it any conversation
you're having with a narcissist
eventually starts to revolve around them
you can begin talking about your health
problems and end up discussing their
brand new smartphone a narcissist always
tell stories about themselves very often
these stories are repeated over and over
even if a narcissist fails to achieve
something in their story it's never
their fault they must have been
misunderstood or underestimated by
others people with narcissistic features
admire high quality things that bring
status however this doesn't mean that if
you love shopping you're automatically a
narcissist
you aren't one unless you start going
around bragging about your new precious
toy narcissists take extra care of their
appearance they are not necessarily more
attractive than others
but they always make sure they look
appealing these people usually have a
lot of friends and followers on social
media but even if you scroll through all
the photos on their Instagram account
you won't find a picture where they look
anything less than perfect narcissus
can't stand criticism as you know most
people don't like being criticized but
narcissists are hypersensitive to the
opinions of others unfortunately
narcissists are more likely to cheat on
their partners than other people the
problem is that narcissistic individuals
are selfish and they never put anyone
elses feelings above their own
new Affairs boosts their self-esteem and
this is the reason why infidelity is a
pretty common occurrence among
narcissists if you need to use flattery
to deal with a person you've probably
encountered a narcissist in this case
you have only two options avoid them by
all means or keep flattering them to
avoid conflict
what makes narcissists what they are
what are the reasons for narcissism is
concealed in a person's DNA
unfortunately scientists don't have the
slightest idea which gene is responsible
for this trait of character but when
someone is born with such
characteristics in most cases narcissism
develops under the influence of their
environment if parents endlessly spoil
their kid and put them on a pedestal
they create the perfect conditions for
bringing up a grandiose narcissist and
if the parents are on the contrary to
controlling cold and demanding there's a
risk that they will grow up to be a
vulnerable narcissist
here's one more curious fact the
phenomenon of narcissism is more
developing cultures where individuality
comes first for example in the u.s. the
level of narcissism as a personality
characteristic has significantly grown
since the 70s Hey according to this
there are quite a few people we see
lately in the media who fit this
description what do you think let's put
him on a game show called it's me gotta
love me I'm the best there ever was mmm
I just couldn't watch that is there no
hope for recovery Never Say Never
the main thing about personal
development is a person's desire to
alter their nature in this case they can
learn to develop compassion increase
mindfulness and learn self forgiveness
psychotherapy sessions can be of great
use as well it can be pretty hard for
people with narcissistic features to
keep moving in the direction of self
betterment but if they have the proper
motivation they are perfectly able to
fight their selfishness
now are you a narcissist let's check and
see if you have any features of a
narcissistic person there are 10
questions and each of them has two
options you'll have 10 seconds to pick
your answer after you go through all of
the questions the truth about your true
self will be revealed ready number one a
modesty isn't my strong suit B I'm
generally quite modest
[Music]
to a when I get compliments from other
people I often get embarrassed B
everybody keeps telling me that I'm cool
so that's my clue about how great I am
3a if I were in control of the world it
would be a much better place being even
the thought of being responsible for the
whole world scares the living daylights
out of me
[Music]
for a I can talk my way out of any
unpleasant situation be if I'm to blame
I accept the consequences of my actions
[Music]
five a I think I'm unique be I'm no
worse and no better than any other
person sex-ay
I could probably be more assertive be
I'm assertive thank you very much 7a I
like it when I have the authority to
give orders be I'm okay with following
orders 8a sometimes it's hard to
understand people be I read people like
an open book
9a I always know what I'm doing and why
be there are moments when I don't know
where I'm going
[Music]
10a
people love listening to my stories me
sometimes I managed to crack a good joke
and now let's get down to your score 1 a
2 points 1 B 1 point 2 A 1 point 2 B 2
points
3 a 2 points 3 B 1 point 4 a 2 points
for be 1 point 5 a 2 points 5 B 1 point
6 a 1.6 be 2 points 7 a 2 points 7 B 1
point 8 a 1 point a B 2 points 9 a 2
points 9 B 1.10 a 2 points 10 B 1 point
[Music]
if your score is between ten and twelve
you need to work on your self-esteem if
you got between 13 and 17 points you
don't have anything to worry about
and if you scored between 18 and 20
points look in the mirror
is there a narcissus staring back at you
in any case don't take this test
seriously please it's more fun than
anything else if you ever feel that you
have unresolved psychological problems
don't overlook them be sure to visit a
specialist now have you ever met a
narcissistic person tell us about your
experience in the comments below
and if you had fun watching this video
and doing the test press the like button
let's all stay happy on the bright side
of life
[Music]